Xsup 68290 (#44187)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/2_10_1.md

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike Falcon

> - Fixed an issue where the ***cs-falcon-apply-quarantine-file-action*** command failed with `400 Bad Request - Validation error` when list-typed search arguments (e.g., **filename**) were used, and now returns a clear "no files matched" message when the search yields no results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***cs-falcon-apply-quarantine-file-action*** command failed when search arguments (e.g., filename) yielded no results.
```
